Add note on 2FA settings hidden when configured by env (#16555)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/authentication/two-factor-authentication/README.md

![Sys-admin-authentication-two-factor-authentication](Sys-admin-authentication-two-factor-authentication.png)

> [!NOTE]

> > These options will not be shown in the administration UI if 2FA settings are configured through environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These options will not be shown in the administration if 2FA settings are configured through [environment variables](../../../installation-and-operations/configuration/environment/).
```
